Lecture 1
=======


What’s the difference between UI and UX?
---

[Link](https://www.usertesting.com/blog/2016/04/27/ui-vs-ux/)

**User interface** (UI) is the series of screens, pages, and visual elements — like buttons and icons — that you use to interact with a device.

**User experience** (UX) is the internal experience that a person has as they interact with every aspect of a company’s products and services.

UX isn’t limited to the visual interface of your product. It’s a concept that has many dimensions and encompasses the entire journey a person takes, including:

- The process they go through to discover your company’s product
- The sequence of actions they take as they interact the interface
- The thoughts and feelings that arise as they try to accomplish their task
- The impressions they take away from the interaction as a whole


What is Mobile First Design?
---

[Link](https://www.mockplus.com/blog/post/mobile-first-design)

Start the product design from the mobile end which has more restrictions, then expand its features to create a tablet or desktop version.

**Progressive Advancement** means that when we design a product, first we build a version for relatively lower browser (like that on a mobile phone). This version includes the most basic functions & features.

**Graceful Degradation** starts the product design from an advanced end like desktop and builds a version with well-rounded features at the beginning. Then designers make the product compatible to mobile ends by cutting some functions or contents.

Why "Mobile First" Principle?
---

1. Mobile internet usage has surpassed desktop usage in 2016.
2. People have spent more and more time on internet from mobile ends.
3. Early in 2012, smart phone sales have overtaken PC sales.


Lecture 2
=======

[Art of Innovation | Guy Kawasaki](https://youtu.be/Mtjatz9r-Vc)

1. Make meaning
2. Make mantra
3. Jump to the next curve
4. Roll the DICEE (Deep, Indulgent, Complete, Elegant, Emotive)
5. Don't worry. Be crappy.
6. Let 100 flowers blossom
7. Polarize people
8. Churn
9. Niche thyself
10. Perfect your pitch


Understand your users
---

**User groups** is a set of characteristics based on statistics.

**Persona** is a fictional character based on statics.

Personas are important for:

- Building empathy and relating to users
- Communicating design goals
- staying focused of design goals
- supporting decision-making

The concept of persona is developed by **Alan Cooper**. 


Why you only need to test with 5 users
---

**Summary**: Elaborate usability tests are a waste of resources. The best results come from testing no more than 5 users and running as many small tests as you can afford.


Ethics
---

Principles:

- Respect for human dignity
- Respect for free and informed consent
- Respect for vulnerable persons
- Respect for privacy and confidentiality
- Respect for justice and inclusiveness
- Balancing harms and benefits
- Minimizing harm
- Maximizing benefits
